feat: cmake option to skip building mock libraries (#13673)
googleapis/google-cloud-cpp: CMakeLists.txt

    OFF)
mark_as_advanced(GOOGLE_CLOUD_CPP_USE_INSTALLED_COMMON)

include(CMakeDependentOption)

> cmake_dependent_option(
>     GOOGLE_CLOUD_CPP_WITH_MOCKS
>     [==[Build the google-cloud-cpp mocking libraries.
> 
> google-cloud-cpp offers mocking libraries with mock classes, to facilitate unit
> testing of Cloud C++ clients. Consumers of this library that do not use the
> provided mocks to test code involving the Cloud C++ clients may wish to turn
> this flag off.]==]
>     ON
>     "NOT BUILD_TESTING"
>     ON)
> mark_as_advanced(GOOGLE_CLOUD_CPP_WITH_MOCKS)

Reviewer: TIL, you can use `NOT condition` in `cmake_dependent_option`.  Using `ON ... ON` looks weird.  I think you want something like this:

```suggestion
option(
    GOOGLE_CLOUD_CPP_WITH_MOCKS
    [==[Build the google-cloud-cpp mocking libraries.

google-cloud-cpp offers mocking libraries with mock classes, to facilitate unit
testing of Cloud C++ clients. Consumers of this library that do not use the
provided mocks to test code involving the Cloud C++ clients may wish to turn
this flag off.]==]
    $<IF:$<BOOL:${BUILD_TESTING}>:OFF:ON>)
mark_as_advanced(GOOGLE_CLOUD_CPP_WITH_MOCKS)
```

That is, the option always exists, but its default value is based on a generator expression.
